APM Instrumentation updates (#32022)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/_index.md

      Custom Instrumentation
    </th>
  </tr>
  <tr style="background-color:#f2f2f2;">
    <th style="border:1px solid #ccc; text-transform:uppercase; font-weight:bold;"></th>
    <th style="border:1px solid #ccc; text-transform:uppercase; font-weight:bold;"><a href="/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/single-step-apm/">Single Step Instrumentation</a></th>
    <th style="border:1px solid #ccc; border-right:2px solid #999; text-transform:uppercase; font-weight:bold;"><a href="/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/">Manually-managed SDKs</a></th>
    <th style="border:1px solid #ccc; text-transform:uppercase; font-weight:bold;"><a href="/tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/">Code-based Custom Instrumentation</a></th>
    <th style="border:1px solid #ccc; text-transform:uppercase; font-weight:bold;"><a href="/tracing/dynamic_instrumentation/">Dynamic Instrumentation</a><br>(UI-based Custom Instrumentation)</th>
  </tr>

  <!-- Body rows -->
  <tr>
    <td style="border:1px solid #ccc; font-weight:bold;">Description</td>

>     <td style="border:1px solid #ccc;">Automatically install and activate the Datadog tracing library at runtime (no code or SDK setup required).</td>

Author: ```suggestion
    <td style="border:1px solid #ccc;">With a single command, Datadog automatically loads language SDKs to your application processes. You can also control which processes to instrument.</td>
```

>     <td style="border:1px solid #ccc; border-right:2px solid #999;">Add Datadog tracing libraries (SDKs) to your code. The SDK handles instrumentation automatically.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
    <td style="border:1px solid #ccc; border-right:2px solid #999;">Add Datadog language SDKs to your applications. The SDK handles instrumentation automatically.</td>
```

    <td style="border:1px solid #ccc;">Add explicit tracing API calls or span logic in your application code.</td>

>     <td style="border:1px solid #ccc;">Add instrumentation rules in the Datadog UI (dynamic, runtime; no code changes).</td>

Author: ```suggestion
    <td style="border:1px solid #ccc;">Add instrumentation rules in the Datadog UI (dynamic, at runtime; no code changes).</td>
```
